add tenant phoneConfiguration template fields (#3715)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_tenant-request-body.mdx

    When enabled the user's password will be validated during login. If the password does not meet the currently configured validation rules the user will be required to change their password.
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.forgotPasswordTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template that is used when a user is sent a forgot password message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template that is used when sending a user a forgot password message.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.identityUpdateTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when their phone number has been updated. The message will be sent to their new and old phone numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when their phone number has been updated. The message will be sent to both their new and old phone numbers.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.loginIdInUseOnCreateTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when another user attempts to create an account with their login Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when another user attempts to create an account with their login Id.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.loginIdInUseOnUpdateTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when another user attempts to update an existing account to use their login Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when another user attempts to update an existing account to use their login Id.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.loginNewDeviceTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when they log in on a new device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when they log in on a new device.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.loginSuspiciousTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when a suspicious login occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when a suspicious login using their login Id occurs.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.messengerId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">
    The messenger that is used to deliver SMS messages for phone number verification and passwordless logins. This field is required when any of <InlineField>tenant.phoneConfiguration.passwordlessTemplateId</InlineField>, <InlineField>tenant.phoneConfiguration.verificationCompleteTemplateId</InlineField>, or <InlineField>tenant.phoneConfiguration.verificationTemplateId</InlineField> is set.
  </APIField>
  
  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.passwordlessTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">
    The Id of the Passwordless Message Template, sent to users when they start a passwordless login.
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.passwordResetSuccessTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when they have completed a 'forgot password' workflow and their password has been reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when they have completed a 'forgot password' workflow and their password has been reset.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.passwordUpdateTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when their password has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when their password has been updated.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.setPasswordTemplateId" type="UUID" optional optional since="1.99.9">
    The Id of the SMS Message Template used when a user must set their password manually after their account was created for them (by an admin, for example).
  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.twoFactorMethodRemoveTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when a MFA method has been added to their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when a MFA method has been added to their account.
```

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.phoneConfiguration.twoFactorMethodAddTemplateId" type="UUID" optional since="1.99.9">

>     The Id of the Message Template used to send messages to users when a MFA method has been removed from their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Id of the Message Template used to send a message to a user when a MFA method has been removed from their account.
```
